Hi guys, it's Omar speaking and today I will teach you a very important phrase in Arabic,
especially if you are going to like you know to the Middle East or to Arabic country and
you are learning Arabic but you are not really like that you know quite confident yet and you
want to tell people that I only speak Arabic a little bit so they can actually slow down
and you can understand them okay even here in London if you have Arabic friends and you wanted
to speak with them Arabic and you want to tell them you know to slow down that you actually
speak it with Arabic so they can slow down for you okay so the phrase is
I speak Arabic a little bit
the hitch is a throat letter so it's not soft one like in English so
Arabic again here the iron is throat letter so
a little bit is actually a phrase I mean like some some but the equivalent that
in English is a little bit and actually we use it in different you know scenarios but for now
just learn a little bit okay so one more time
again
okay I hope guys you enjoyed this video make sure to subscribe because from now on
every Friday we will choose one winner and we will give the winner full access to our online
training program the Nasr al-Arabic method which is a comprehensive and complex online
program to master spoken Arabic so you don't want to miss that so subscribe and I will see you next time